 Siva Krishna D E-mail: krishna88861@gmail.com Mobile:+91-8886188297 PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS Having 2+ years of experience in analysis, development and implementation of software applications. Currently working with Bootstrap, Angular, Node JS, Express JS and MongoDB. Experience in the latest HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, JQuery, BOOTSTRAP technologies, Front-end coding Like Angular 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 & 8.0 Experience in developing Single Page Application using Bootstrap, Angular 2.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 & 8.0, JavaScript, JQuery, Node JS, Express JS and MongoDB. Experience in developing markup by following W3 standards and browser. Experience in Version Control tools like GIT. Experience with Browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility. Take responsibility for delivering quality software, within agreed timescales, to the highest quality. Quick Learner and Self Motivated with excellent analytical and communication and Interpersonal skills that are required to effectively work in the field of applications development. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: Completed BSC with 76% from Sri Vaishnavi Degree College, Rajampet. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Working as a MEAN Stack developer in Easy2Learn Tech Solutions from Jan-2018 to till date. TECHNICAL SKILLS Operating System: Win 7/8/10, Linux. Packages /Tools: VS Code, Brackets, Sublime Text and GIT. Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Node JS and Express JS. Frameworks: Angular 2.0, 4.0, 5.0 , 6.0 & 8.0. Markup Languages: HTML. Web Technologies: Bootstrap, CSS. Project#4 Client: E2LTESTSERIES.COM Role: MEAN STACK Developer Environment: MDBootstrap, Angular 8.0, Node JS, Express JS and Mongo DB. Duration: Oct-2019 to Till Date. Version Control: GIT. Team: 1. Description: E2TestSeries is the practicing test platform for all entrance tests. like AP EAMCET, TS EAMCET , JEE (Main / Advanced), GATE , NEET, BANKS ,IELTS and so on practicing tests with previous papers. After submitting the test we get analytics in 4 ways like Brief, Overall , Question wise & Section wise. Responsibilities: Responsible for developing Single Page Application using MDBootstrap, Angular 8.0, JavaScript, Node JS. Responsible for developing functionalities in Angular 8.0. Responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT. Worked in the scrum process attending daily stand up and completing tasks in sprints. Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic. Project#3 Client: ROBOTICVIDYA.COM Role: MEAN STACK Developer Environment: Bootstrap 4, Angular 6.0, Node JS, Express JS and Mongo DB. Duration: July-2019 to Till Date. Version Control: GIT. Team: 1. Description: Robotic Vidya is committed to offering quality education in the field of robotics training online and offline. The brand Roboticvidya strives to be the first one globally to introduce tomorrow's generations to the world of tech learning which we do it with advanced technology tools and learning resources to encourage 21st century power skills in kids by empowering them to tinker with hardware, electronics, programming, robotics, IOT and related technology at an early age. Responsibilities: Responsible for developing Single Page Application using Bootstrap, Angular 6.0, JavaScript, Node JS. Responsible for developing functionalities in Angular 6.0. Responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT. Worked in the scrum process attending daily stand up and completing tasks in sprints. Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic. Project#2 Client: EASY2LEARN.IN Role: MEAN STACK Developer Environment: Bootstrap 4, Angular 6.0, Node JS, Express JS and Mongo DB. Duration: June-2018 to Till Date. Version Control: GIT. Team: 1. Description: Easy2learn is a simplified adaptive learning platform, which is built in such a way that it is helpful to all students from Class-5 to Class-12. Through this application, students can learn without stepping foot in the classroom. Responsibilities: Responsible for developing Single Page Application using Bootstrap, Angular 6.0, JavaScript, Node JS. Responsible for developing functionalities in Angular 6.0. Responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT. Worked in the scrum process attending daily stand up and completing tasks in sprints. Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic. Project#1 Client: EASY2LEARN.CO Role: MEAN STACK Developer Environment: Bootstrap 4, Angular 6.0, Node JS, Express JS and Mongo DB. Duration: Jan-2018 to Till Date. Version Control: GIT. Team: 2. Description: Easy2learn is a simplified adaptive learning platform, which is built in such a way that it is helpful to all engineering students for learning engineering courses and programming languages. It contains multiple ways to learn a subject completely. like videos, concepts, questionsets, codetests, code analysis ,code inspection and so on ways available here. It Contains Crt tests with reports. It has multiple dashboard for Colleges ,hod ,faculties ,students and so on. Responsibilities: Responsible for developing Single Page Application using Bootstrap, Angular 6.0, JavaScript, Node JS. Responsible for developing functionalities in Angular 6.0. Responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT. Worked in the scrum process attending daily stand up and completing tasks in sprints. Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic. Personal Profile: Father's Name : Venkataiah D Date of Birth : 15-06-1997 Gender : Male Nationality : Indian Address : 1-98/6/5/50, Mallikarjuna Nagar Colony, Boduppal, Hyderabad-500039 